throughout the world one thing
definitely rings true people love cars
but what happens when a cars has been
involved in an accident or you just
don't want it anymore
well the old days it was probably sent
to an auction so we went to an
innovative company that has taken the
traditional Auto option to the next
level and has changed the way the
industry is run Copart incorporated the
experts in auto remarketing founded in
1982 by Willis Jay Johnson Co Park was
built from a single salvage auction in
Vallejo California and is now a global
company with more than 140 facilities in
the US Canada and the United Kingdom
welco part was founded in 1982 but when
I met Willis in 1980 now and he had
three locations in Northern California
and the thing I noticed the most about
him was his passion for growth
technology and people he wanted to build
a national company and we're not just
national today Copart is the largest in
the US but also the largest in the UK as
well when Willis Johnson began Copart
people would travel to a facility to bid
in person on vehicles sometimes in
during the hot Sun rain snow and more
but thanks to willis's innovative nature
today Co Park sells more than 1 million
vehicles each year entirely online well
if you look at the old days of how
vehicles were sold we're talking a
physical auction a hundred buyers and an
auctioneer for six hours saying sevenson
order a 75 now eight by 1998 we
introduced internet bidding at Copart
and that really started to change the
marketplace by 2003 we thought why not
go completely virtual this would be a
concept of a pure online auction and
that's what bb2 is a real-time peer
online sale where over a hundred
thousand buyers and over 90 countries
can bid so with 25 percent of the
product that we sell actually being bid
on and leaving the US we have gone from
what you'd call a local audience to
truly global marketplace in fact vb2 is
so powerful Copart now has opened their
doors for the public to steal their cars
through a new division of the company
called Co part direct Y Co part direct
it's simple we're talking about a
product that eliminates the need to see
the buyer of the vehicle deal with title
deal with buyer payment you drop the
vehicle off we put it online you sell to
a global audience of over a hundred
thousand buyers and over 90 different
countries when that vehicle sold you
don't deal with the thing you pick up a
check done finish that simple Co part is
so successful not only because of its
technology but also because of a
legendary service that they provide to
their customers surface that leaves
people asking how they do that Co part
we talk about legendary service it's
part of our culture too we are our
mission and our vision is to streamline
and simplify the marketing process and I
think that happens every single day when
you deal with Co Park you're dealing
with someone that treats you the way you
want to be treated whether you're a
buyer whether you're seller with an
employee and that's what makes Co part a
great place to work and a great place to
do business
Co Bart is recognized in the auto
remarketing industry as a trusted leader
named by Forbes magazine as a top small
company for the last eight years Co part
is the world's greatest